[enterprise-4.15] OCPBUGS-41915 lack of explanation regarding numaresources-operator fo… (#84956)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-deploying-the-numa-aware-scheduler.adoc

[id="cnf-deploying-the-numa-aware-scheduler_{context}"]
= Deploying the NUMA-aware secondary pod scheduler

> After installing the NUMA Resources Operator, deploy the NUMA-aware secondary pod scheduler to optimize pod placement for improved performance and reduced latency in NUMA-based systems.

Author: I think the existing reads better and aligns better with the typical technical writing style where prerequisites are stated before the main action.

metadata:
  name: numaresourcesscheduler
spec:
  imageSpec: "registry.redhat.io/openshift4/noderesourcetopology-scheduler-rhel9:v{product-version}" <1>
----
+

> <1> In a disconnected environment, make sure to configure the resolution of this image by either:

Reviewer: [Lead-in sentences should stand alone rather than continuing to the bullets
](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording)
```suggestion
<1> In a disconnected environment, make sure to configure the resolution of this image by completing one of the following actions:
```

Reviewer 2: I didn't review this PR. I just wanted to add that comment, similar to the comment I made in the 4.16 CP PR. Sorry for the confusion.

Reviewer: no biggie! was just guessing based on comment history :clinking_glasses:

* Creating an `ImageTagMirrorSet` custom resource (CR). For more information, see "Configuring image registry repository mirroring" in the "Additional resources" section.

> * Setting the URL to the disconnected registry.

Author: once again I feel what I have there already reads better
